Add initial version of 3scale alert SOPs included on 3scale v2.9 (#9)
3scale/3scale-Operations: sops/alerts/container_cpu_high.adoc

:toc:
:toc-placement!:

= ThreescaleContainerCPUHigh

toc::[]

== Description

* This alert will trigger if the cpu usage is being very high

== Troubleshooting

> * Check if CPU resources requests/limits are properly set (it can indicate that resources configuration is too low, and need to allocate more resources)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check if CPU resources requests/limits are properly set and appropriate to the historical usage data. If the real usage tends to surpass the requested threshold, you may need to increase the container resources
```
